articles/about.md, before:

---
title: "ClojureWerkz, Clojure libraries: Projects"
layout: article
---


## What is ClojureWerkz?

ClojureWerkz is a growing collection of open source Clojure libraries that share a common vision:

* [Monger, a Clojure MongoDB driver](http://clojuremongodb.info)
* [Welle, a Clojure client for Riak](http://clojureriak.info)
* [Langohr, a Clojure client for RabbitMQ](https://github.com/michaelklishin/langohr)
* [Neocons, a Clojure client for the Neo4J REST API](http://clojureneo4j.info)
* [Spyglass, a Clojure client for Memcached](http://clojurememcached.info)
* [Quartzite, a powerful scheduling library](https://github.com/michaelklishin/quartzite)
* [Elastisch, a Clojure client for ElasticSearch](https://github.com/clojurewerkz/elastisch)
* [Urly](https://github.com/michaelklishin/urly) unifies java.net.URL, java.net.URI and other URL-like entities
* [Pantomime](https://github.com/michaelklishin/pantomime), a library that deals with Internet media (MIME) types

and several others.


## The vision

ClojureWerkz tries to make a collection of well maintained idiomatic libraries for practical purposes (data store clients,
messaging, data validation, email, etc) that are also well documented, released under the same business-friendly license and
built from the ground up for Clojure 1.3+.

We've developed them over the years of using Clojure and we hope it can serve as an example for the rest of the Clojure
community.


## Why?

Clojure is fantastic, small, very productive and powerful language built on industrial
strength runtimes (JVM, JavaScript VMs, .NET/CLR). Thanks to access to existing Java, C# and JavaScript libraries,
it is typically not an issue to find a library that does what you need. Finding a good library that is also feature complete
and well documented, however, is more challenging.

ClojureWerkz tries to challenge this and make the Clojure community a better place.



## Who is responsible for it?

[Michael Klishin](http://twitter.com/michaelklishin) and [Alex P](http://twitter.com/ifesdjeen), with contributions
from Clojure developers around the globe.



## You can help!

You can help by

 * Spreading the word
 * Documenting your own open source projects better (we have [a slate repository](https://github.com/clojurewerkz/docslate) everyone can use and adapt)
 * Giving us feedback on mailing lists
 * Contribute documentation or code
 * [Help us proof-read and edit](mailto:michael@defprotocol.org) our guides

And maybe for the lulz, endorse: [Michael](http://coderwall.com/michaelklishin)'s and [Alex](http://coderwall.com/ifesdjeen)'s development skills on Coderwall.



## Get in touch

You can [follow or mention @ClojureWerkz](https://twitter.com/clojurewerkz) on Twitter or [email us](mailto:michael@defprotocol.org).

Commit message:

More emphasis on testing against multiple Clojure versions and JDKs

articles/about.md, after:

---
title: "ClojureWerkz, Clojure libraries: Projects"
layout: article
---


## What is ClojureWerkz?

ClojureWerkz is a growing collection of open source Clojure libraries that share a common vision:

* [Monger, a Clojure MongoDB driver](http://clojuremongodb.info)
* [Welle, a Clojure client for Riak](http://clojureriak.info)
* [Langohr, a Clojure client for RabbitMQ](https://github.com/michaelklishin/langohr)
* [Neocons, a Clojure client for the Neo4J REST API](http://clojureneo4j.info)
* [Spyglass, a Clojure client for Memcached](http://clojurememcached.info)
* [Quartzite, a powerful scheduling library](https://github.com/michaelklishin/quartzite)
* [Elastisch, a Clojure client for ElasticSearch](https://github.com/clojurewerkz/elastisch)
* [Urly](https://github.com/michaelklishin/urly) unifies java.net.URL, java.net.URI and other URL-like entities
* [Pantomime](https://github.com/michaelklishin/pantomime), a library that deals with Internet media (MIME) types

and several others.


## The vision

ClojureWerkz tries to make a collection of well maintained idiomatic libraries for practical purposes (data store clients,
messaging, data validation, email, etc) that are also well documented, released under the same business-friendly license,
built from the ground up for Clojure 1.3+ and [run continuous integration against multiple Clojure versions](http://about.travis-ci.org/docs/user/languages/clojure/) and JDKs.

We've developed them over the years of using Clojure and we hope it can serve as an example for the rest of the Clojure
community.


## Why?

Clojure is fantastic, small, very productive and powerful language built on industrial
strength runtimes (JVM, JavaScript VMs, .NET/CLR). Thanks to access to existing Java, C# and JavaScript libraries,
it is typically not an issue to find a library that does what you need. Finding a good library that is also feature complete
and well documented, however, is more challenging.

ClojureWerkz tries to challenge this and make the Clojure community a better place.



## Who is responsible for it?

[Michael Klishin](http://twitter.com/michaelklishin) and [Alex P](http://twitter.com/ifesdjeen), with contributions
from Clojure developers around the globe.



## You can help!

You can help by

 * Spreading the word
 * Documenting your own open source projects better (we have [a slate repository](https://github.com/clojurewerkz/docslate) everyone can use and adapt)
 * Giving us feedback on mailing lists
 * Contribute documentation or code
 * [Help us proof-read and edit](mailto:michael@defprotocol.org) our guides

And maybe for the lulz, endorse: [Michael](http://coderwall.com/michaelklishin)'s and [Alex](http://coderwall.com/ifesdjeen)'s development skills on Coderwall.



## Get in touch

You can [follow or mention @ClojureWerkz](https://twitter.com/clojurewerkz) on Twitter or [email us](mailto:michael@defprotocol.org).
